README for the mosix2 HUJI-contrib files:
------------------------------------------

This directory contains contributed programs that provide additional
functionality to the core MOSIX2 package. These programs were developed
in The Hebrew University of Jerusalem MOSIX lab.

All the programs contained in this directory and any of its sub-directories
to any depth (unless particular programs or sub-directories are explicitly
covered by another license agreement,  are provided under the terms and
conditions of the MOSIX SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT, a copy of which appears
in the LICENSE file contained in this directory.

The contributed programs are:
1. Infod      - collecting and monitoring cluster information.
2. Testload   - a test-program for MOSIX.

Infod:
======

This package collects extended information about MOSIX cluster(s).
The following programs are included:

1. "infod".
   This program should run in the background in each node: it collects
   and propagates information such as load, memory, speed, user usage,
   machine status, etc.  The collected information can then be used
   by the client application below.
   The sys-admin can also add externally collected information.
   This program must run with root privileges. 

2. "mmon".
   A curses based graphical tool that presents information about
   the nodes in the cluster. The file mmon.cfg.example is a sample 
   color scheme configuration file. This file select the colors used
   by mmon for different displays.

3. "infod-client".
   A utility to query a node and output in XML format what it knows
   about other nodes.

4. "infod-ctl".
   An administator's tool to control/query infod - modify its algorithm,
   query its status, etc.
   This utility requires root privileges. 

5. "infod-best".
   Find the least loaded node(s) in the cluster (it can be used for
   assigning jobs in the cluster).

Testload:
=========

A program that generates load and consumes memory in a controlled way.
This program is intended for novice users who wish to learn how to
use MOSIX2. It can also be used for testing new installations of MOSIX2.
The package contain the following files.

1. "testload" - the test program.
2. repeat-bg, a script for running in the background multiple copies of
   the same program.

---------------------- END of README ----------------------------------------
